docs: added windows specfic intructions for building documentation (#1583)
pyproj4/pyproj: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Build the docs: ``make docs``
* Or, to build and open in a browser: ``make docs-browser``

> **On Windows:** Use ``make html`` instead of ``make docs``. Also ensure you have installed the documentation requirements with ``pip install -r requirements-docs.txt`` before building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**On Windows:** Use ``make -C docs html`` instead of ``make docs``. Also ensure you have installed the documentation requirements with ``pip install --group docs`` before building.
```

Reviewer: #1602
